README.md, before:

<img src="docs/banner.jpg" alt="Terraform Bootstrap for AWS">

Quickly get started with the [Terraform S3 backend](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/settings/backends/s3).

The included CloudFormation stack template solves the chicken-and-egg problem with the Terraform S3 backend by setting up all of the resources needed in the "administrative AWS account" so that Terraform may be used safely in a [multi-account, multi-user setup](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/settings/backends/s3#multi-account-aws-architecture).

## Installation

Using appropriate AWS credentials for your "administrative" account, run the following:

```
aws cloudformation deploy --stack-name terraform-bootstrap --template-file terraform-bootstrap.yaml --capabilities CAPABILITY_NAMED_IAM
```

## Usage

All that is left to do is create your [Terraform configuration utilizing the newly initialized backend](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/settings/backends/s3#configuration) for state. This looks something like:

```
terraform {
  backend "s3" {
    bucket         = "terraform-bootstrap-bucket-XXXXXXXXXXXXX"
    key            = "terraform-state/terraform.tfstate"
    region         = "us-east-1"
    dynamodb_table = "terraform-locking"
 }
}
```

Alternately you may use the included [`generate-backend-hcl.sh`](generate-backend-hcl.sh) script, which will pull the needed values from CloudFormation and generate a proper configuration for you. See the header comment of the script for more information.

### IAM permission considerations when managing other AWS accounts

TODO

## Why Not Use Terraform instead?

Using Terraform to initialize the S3 backend is possible and if you absolutely cannot tolerate CloudFormation in your environment (for whatever reason) then there are [alternatives](https://earthly.dev/blog/terraform-state-bucket/) to the approach this project takes.

### Caveats

- When setting up the S3 backend using Terraform the state is stored locally and must be [migrated into the backend afterwards](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/init#backend-initialization) (unless you wish to store the backend's state locally).
- Migrating the backend resources state into the backend itself makes it easier to [accidentally delete all Terraform state](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/54122890/terraform-fails-because-tfstate-s3-backend-is-lost) as a result.

## Related Reading

- [Terraform Backend Configuration](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/settings/backends/configuration)
- [Terraform S3 Backend Best Practices](https://technology.doximity.com/articles/terraform-s3-backend-best-practices)

Commit message:

Stub out the supplementary IAM permissions document.

README.md, after:

<img src="docs/banner.jpg" alt="Terraform Bootstrap for AWS">

Quickly get started with the [Terraform S3 backend](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/settings/backends/s3).

The included CloudFormation stack template solves the chicken-and-egg problem with the Terraform S3 backend by setting up all of the resources needed in the "administrative AWS account" so that Terraform may be used safely in a [multi-account, multi-user setup](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/settings/backends/s3#multi-account-aws-architecture).

## Installation

Using appropriate AWS credentials for your "administrative" account, run the following:

```
aws cloudformation deploy --stack-name terraform-bootstrap --template-file terraform-bootstrap.yaml --capabilities CAPABILITY_NAMED_IAM
```

## Usage

All that is left to do is create your [Terraform configuration utilizing the newly initialized backend](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/settings/backends/s3#configuration) for state. This looks something like:

```hcl
terraform {
  backend "s3" {
    bucket         = "terraform-bootstrap-bucket-XXXXXXXXXXXXX"
    key            = "terraform-state/terraform.tfstate"
    region         = "us-east-1"
    dynamodb_table = "terraform-locking"
 }
}
```

Alternately you may use the included [`generate-backend-hcl.sh`](generate-backend-hcl.sh) script, which will pull the needed values from CloudFormation and generate a proper configuration for you. See the header comment of the script for more information.

### IAM Authentication Considerations

When using the S3 backend to store state for managing other AWS accounts you will need to authenticate against both the administrative AWS account (which contains the state) and the AWS account you wish to manage. Depending on your preferred approach the configuration of the S3 backend may need to be modified.

See the supplementary document: [IAM Authentication when using the Terraform S3 Backend](docs/S3-Backend-With-IAM.md)

## Why Not Use Terraform instead?

Using Terraform to initialize the S3 backend is possible and if you absolutely cannot tolerate CloudFormation in your environment (for whatever reason) then there are [alternatives](https://earthly.dev/blog/terraform-state-bucket/) to the approach this project takes.

### Caveats

- When setting up the S3 backend using Terraform the state is stored locally and must be [migrated into the backend afterwards](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/init#backend-initialization) (unless you wish to store the backend's state locally).
- Migrating the backend resources state into the backend itself makes it easier to [accidentally delete all Terraform state](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/54122890/terraform-fails-because-tfstate-s3-backend-is-lost) as a result.

## Related Reading

- [Terraform Backend Configuration](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/settings/backends/configuration)
- [Terraform S3 Backend Best Practices](https://technology.doximity.com/articles/terraform-s3-backend-best-practices)
